okay so please excuse the wet fringe I
had a shower recently today I am leaving
for university um so my room is looking
quite messy because I'm actually
bringing this duvet with me we didn't
see the point in buying another device
if we just bring the one from my bed at
home and the causal pack to part from
the duvet which we're gonna have over us
and also some blankets and things it's
so weird to think that this days I
actually come about though oh I've
always liked the shampoo which I need to
fit in
[Applause]
[Music]
so we've just got back from our dog walk
and now we are about to leave so the
cars all packed up that's the duvet
there which we're gonna have on our laps
we've managed to get all of it into the
mini flue dad's in here I'm here mom's
driving Martha's in the front and then
[Music]
it's literally jammed from the old I
can't believe it's actually happening
now it's gonna be really awkward though
getting with this up to the room
[Music]
[Applause]
the toilet
[Music]
forever I am feeling she's gone so we're
very nearly here now we've only got
three point nine miles till we get there
laughter do you want to be a nerd no she
can see I'm not in the middle okay so
this is my room I love the color of the
Cotten's because I gray massive task
let's just stuff everywhere at the
moment which I mean people just ain't
putting away and I will be following me
doing that
[Music]
[Applause]
so I'm taking the stairs just changed to
go make sure that my door was locked so
I actually got this LAN yard for
Christmas a couple of years ago and I
never really was able to use it because
at school we only could use a plain
black one
[Music]
my word no alimony Pacific Rim players
select if he would later on he would be
[Music]
so our last family meal is done and now
we're about to go food shopping to go
and get the base64 my cupboard and
fridge I wrote the list because my
camera needed rest project because I was
eating
that's my parent
[Music]
okay so my parents have now left I'm not
gonna lie that were some tears you can
probably tell because my cheeks were red
it's really late it's about 11:30 and
I'm really happy with how my room looks
it's really really lovely I've tried to
make it like a home away from home
sorry it's really exciting but it's also
really hard to say goodbye because the
longest I've ever been without seeing my
parents is a week but it's all very
exciting and I am looking forward to
tomorrow and meeting some new people
because I didn't really have a chance
today because I was just saying goodbye
to my parents and my sister and also it
literally assumes my parents left so I
haven't gotten too bad no try to draw my
cartoons and as I just pulled on the
curtain to pull it closed the whole
thing just fell on one side and it was
just for a second I thought oh my gosh
you know I've really lost my deposit on
this room Hajus idea I managed to fix it
by just clipping it back on but that
definitely got me for a second sorry for
how red my face is moment but I hope
that you enjoyed watching this
University moving vlog and I'm going to
be vlogging again tomorrow I'm gonna be
vlogging for the next two weeks
which is quite exciting which will
hopefully be useful for anyone who is
moving to university soon or perhaps if
you're watching this a few months later
and you're thinking about moving into
university I'm hoping that their series
of videos will be helpful to some of you
yeah but thank you for watching and have
a productive week